오답 문제 (dump)
================

- A company wants to migrate a critical application to AWS. The application has a short runtime. The application is invoked by changes in data or by shifts in system state. The company needs a compute solution that maximizes operational efficiency and minimizes the cost of running the application.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?

    - A. Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances   
    - ***B. AWS Lambda***
    - C. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances   
    - D. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances  

- Which AWS service or feature can a company use to determine which business unit is using specific AWS resources?   

    - ***A. Cost allocation tags***
    - B. Key pairs
    - C. Amazon Inspector
    - D. AWS Trusted Advisor

- A company wants to migrate its workloads to AWS, but it lacks expertise in AWS Cloud computing.
Which AWS service or feature will help the company with its migration?   

    - A. AWS Trusted Advisor
    - ***B. AWS Consulting Partners***
    - C. AWS Artifacts
    - D. AWS Managed Services

- Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and track service limit increases?   

    - A. AWS Config
    - ***B. Service Quotas***
    - C. AWS Service Catalog
    - D. AWS Budgets

- A company needs to simultaneously process hundreds of requests from different users.
Which combination of AWS services should the company use to build an operationally efficient solution?   

  - ***A. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and AWS Lambda***
  - B. AWS Data Pipeline and Amazon EC2
  - C. Amazon Kinesis and Amazon Athena
  - D. AWS Amplify and AWS AppSync

- What is the scope of a VPC within the AWS network?   

  - A. A VPC can span all Availability Zones globally.
  - B. A VPC must span at least two subnets in each AWS Region.
  - C. A VPC must span at least two edge locations in each AWS Region.
  - ***D. A VPC can span all Availability Zones within an AWS Region.***

- Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection? (Choose two.)   

  - A. AWS Storage Gateway
  - ***B. Virtual private gateway***
  - C. NAT gateway
  - ***D. Customer gateway***
  - E. Internet gateway

- What are some advantages of using Amazon EC2 instances to host applications in the AWS Cloud instead of on premises? (Choose two.)   

  - A. EC2 includes operating system patch management.
  - B. EC2 integrates with Amazon VPC, AWS CloudTrail, and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
  - C. EC2 has a 100% service level agreement (SLA).
  - ***D. EC2 has a flexible, pay-as-you-go pricing model.***
  - ***E. EC2 has automatic storage cost optimization.***

- A user needs to determine whether an Amazon EC2 instance's security groups were modified in the last month.
How can the user see if a change was made?   

  - A. Use Amazon EC2 to see if the security group was changed.
  - B. Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to see which user or role changed the security group.
  - ***C. Use AWS CloudTrail to see if the security group was changed.***
  - D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to see if the security group was changed.

- A global media company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts.
Which AWS service or feature can the company use to limit the access to AWS services for member accounts?   

  - A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
  - ***B. Service control policies (SCPs)***
  - C. Organizational units (OUs)
  - D. Access control lists (ACLs)

- A company wants to limit its employees' AWS access to a portfolio of predefined AWS resources.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet this requirement?   

  - A. AWS Config
  - B. AWS software development kits (SDKs)
  - ***C. AWS Service Catalog***
  - D. AWS AppSync

- Which of the following are features of network ACLs as they are used in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)   

  - ***A. They are stateless.***
  - B. They are stateful.
  - C. They evaluate all rules before allowing traffic.
  - ***D. They process rules in order, starting with the lowest numbered rule, when deciding whether to allow traffic.***
  - E. They operate at the instance level.

- A company has designed its AWS Cloud infrastructure to run its workloads effectively. The company also has protocols in place to continuously improve supporting processes.
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this scenario represent?

  - A. Security
  - B. Performance efficiency
  - C. Cost optimization
  - ***D. Operational excellence***

- Which AWS service supports the creation of visual reports from AWS Cost and Usage Report data?   

  - A. Amazon Athena
  - ***B. Amazon QuickSight***
  - C. Amazon CloudWatch
  - D. AWS Organizations

- Which AWS service should be used to monitor Amazon EC2 instances for CPU and network utilization?

  - A. Amazon Inspector
  - B. AWS CloudTrail
  - ***C. Amazon CloudWatch***
  - D. AWS Config

- A company is preparing to launch a new web store that is expected to receive high traffic for an upcoming event. The web store runs only on AWS, and the company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan.
Which AWS resource will provide guidance about how the company should scale its architecture and operational support during the event?   

  - A. AWS Abuse team
  - B. The designated AWS technical account manager (TAM)
  - ***C. AWS infrastructure event management***
  - D. AWS Professional Services

- Which IT controls do AWS and the customer share, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)
   
  - A. Physical and environmental controls
  - ***B. Patch management***
  - ***C. Cloud awareness and training***
  - D. Zone security
  - E. Application data encryption

- A company needs to install an application in a Docker container.
Which AWS service eliminates the need to provision and manage the container hosts?   

  - ***A. AWS Fargate***
  - B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
  - C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
  - D. Amazon EC2

- Which AWS service or feature checks access policies and offers actionable recommendations to help users set secure and functional policies?   

  - A. AWS Systems Manager
  - ***B. AWS IAM Access Analyzer***
  - C. AWS Trusted Advisor
  - D. Amazon GuardDuty

- A retail company needs to build a highly available architecture for a new ecommerce platform. The company is using only AWS services that replicate data across multiple Availability Zones.
Which AWS services should the company use to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

  - A. Amazon EC2
  - B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
  - ***C. Amazon Aurora***
  - ***D. Amazon DynamoDB***
  - E. Amazon Redshift

- Which characteristics are advantages of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

  - A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
  - ***B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand***
  - C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
  - ***D. Enhanced security***
  - E. Increases in cost and complexity

- A user is storing objects in Amazon S3. The user needs to restrict access to the objects to meet compliance obligations.
What should the user do to meet this requirement?

  - A. Use AWS Secrets Manager.
  - ***B. Tag the objects in the S3 bucket.***
  - C. Use security groups.
  - D. Use network ACLs.

- Which of the following are benefits of Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. Improved health and availability of applications***
  - B. Reduced network latency
  - ***C. Optimized performance and costs***
  - D. Automated snapshots of data
  - E. Cross-Region Replication

- A company has a physical tape library to store data backups. The tape library is running out of space. The company needs to extend the tape library's capacity to the AWS Cloud.
Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

  - A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
  - B. Amazon S3
  - C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
  - ***D. AWS Storage Gateway***

- In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role? (Choose two.)

  - A. When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other AWS services
  - ***B. When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals***
  - C. When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes requests to AWS
  - ***D. When the company needs to add users to IAM groups***
  - E. When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to be able to use AWS without having to sign in a second time

- A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system interdependencies that require low latency.
Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

  - A. AWS IoT Greengrass
  - B. AWS Lambda
  - ***C. AWS Outposts***
  - D. AWS Snowball Edge

- A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon
DynamoDB.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?

  - ***A. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2 instance.***
  - B. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
  - C. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
  - D. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the administrative IAM user.

- company launched an Amazon EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux 2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
Which actions can a system administrator take to connect to the EC2 instance? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. Use Amazon EC2 Instance Connect.***
  - B. Use a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection.
  - C. Use AWS Batch
  - ***D. Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.***
  - E. Use Amazon Connect

- Which AWS service provides a feature that can be used to proactively monitor and plan for the service quotas of AWS resources?

  - A. AWS CloudTrail
  - B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
  - ***C. AWS Trusted Advisor***
  - D. Amazon CloudWatch

- Which AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending traffic over the internet? (Choose two.)

  - A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
  - B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
  - C. AWS CodeBuild
  - ***D. Amazon S3***
  - ***E. Amazon DynamoDB***

- A company is using an Amazon RDS DB instance for an application that is deployed in the AWS Cloud. The company needs regular patching of the operating system of the server where the DB instance runs.
What is the company's responsibility in this situation, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

  - A. Open a support case to obtain administrative access to the server so that the company can patch the DB instance operating system.
  - B. Open a support case and request that AWS patch the DB instance operating system.
  - C. Use administrative access to the server, and apply the operating system patches during the regular maintenance window that is defined for the DB instance.
  - ***D. Establish a regular maintenance window that tells AWS when to patch the DB instance operating system.***

- What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?

  - A. A technical expert dedicated to the user
  - ***B. A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support***
  - C. A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
  - D. A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application architecture

- A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway API, an AWS Lambda function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database.
Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application's components?

  - A. AWS CloudTrail
  - B. Amazon CloudWatch
  - C. Amazon Inspector
  - ***D. AWS X-Ray***

- A company needs to design an AWS disaster recovery plan to cover multiple geographic areas.   
Which action will meet this requirement?

  - A. Configure multiple AWS accounts.
  - B. Configure the architecture across multiple Availability Zones in an AWS Region.
  - ***C. Configure the architecture across multiple AWS Regions.***
  - D. Configure the architecture among many edge locations.

- Which task does AWS perform automatically?

  - ***A. Encrypt data that is stored in Amazon DynamoDB.***
  - B. Patch Amazon EC2 instances.
  - C. Encrypt user network traffic.
  - D. Create TLS certificates for users' websites.

- Which of the following is an AWS best practice for managing an AWS account root user?

  - A. Keep the root user password with the security team.
  - ***B. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.***
  - ***C. Create an access key for the root user.***
  - D. Keep the root user password consistent for compliance purposes.

- A company wants to improve its security and audit posture by limiting Amazon EC2 inbound access.   
What should the company use to access instances remotely instead of opening inbound SSH ports and managing SSH keys?

  - A. EC2 key pairs
  - ***B. AWS Systems Manager Session Manager***
  - C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
  - D. Network ACLs

- A company has refined its workload to use specific AWS services to improve efficiency and reduce cost.   
Which best practice for cost governance does this example show?

  - A. Resource controls
  - B. Cost allocation
  - ***C. Architecture optimization***
  - D. Tagging enforcement

- A company would like to host its MySQL databases on AWS and maintain full control over the operating system, database installation, and configuration.   
Which AWS service should the company use to host the databases?

  - ***A. Amazon RDS***
  - B. Amazon EC2
  - C. Amazon DynamoDB
  - D. Amazon Aurora

- How does the AWS global infrastructure offer high availability and fault tolerance to its users?

  - A. The AWS infrastructure is made up of multiple AWS Regions within various Availability Zones located in areas that have low flood risk, and are interconnected with low-latency networks and redundant power supplies.
  - B. The AWS infrastructure consists of subnets containing various Availability Zones with multiple data centers located in the same geographic location.
  - C. AWS allows users to choose AWS Regions and data centers so that users can select the closest data centers in different Regions.
  - ***D. The AWS infrastructure consists of isolated AWS Regions with independent Availability Zones that are connected with low-latency networking and redundant power supplies.***

- A development team wants to publish and manage web services that provide REST APIs.   
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

  - A. AWS App Mesh
  - ***B. Amazon API Gateway***
  - C. Amazon CloudFront
  - D. AWS Cloud Map

- A company wants to use Amazon S3 to store its legacy data. The data is rarely accessed.    However, the data is critical and cannot be recreated.   
The data needs to be available for retrieval within seconds.   
Which S3 storage class meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

  - A. S3 Standard
  - B. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
  - ***C. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)***
  - D. S3 Glacier

- Which AWS service helps developers use loose coupling and reliable messaging between microservices?

  - A. Elastic Load Balancing
  - B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
  - C. Amazon CloudFront
  - ***D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)***

- A company needs to build an application that uses AWS services. The application will be delivered to residents in European Counties.   
 The company must abide by regional regulatory requirements.   
Which AWS service or program should the company use to determine which AWS services meet the regional requirements?

  - A. AWS Audit Manager
  - B. AWS Shield
  - ***C. AWS Compliance Program***
  - D. AWS Artifact

- A company has multiple applications and is now building a new multi-tier application. The company will host the new application on Amazon EC2 instances.   
The company wants the network routing and traffic between the various applications to follow the security principle of least privilege.   
Which AWS service or feature should the company use to enforce this principle?

  - ***A. Security groups***
  - B. AWS Shield
  - C. AWS Global Accelerator
  - D. AWS Direct Connect gateway

-  company is starting to build its infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The company wants access to technical support during business hours.   
The company also wants general architectural guidance as teams build and test new applications.   
Which AWS Support plan will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?

   - A. AWS Basic Support
   - ***B. AWS Developer Support***
   - C. AWS Business Support
   - D. AWS Enterprise Support

- Which AWS service provides the capability to view end-to-end performance metrics and troubleshoot distributed applications?

  - A. AWS Cloud9
  - B. AWS CodeStar
  - C. AWS Cloud Map
  - ***D. AWS X-Ray***

- A global company is building a simple time-tracking mobile app. The app needs to operate globally and must store collected data in a database. Data must be accessible from the AWS Region that is closest to the user.   
What should the company do to meet these data storage requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

  - A. Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases
  - B. Use Amazon RDS cross-Region replication
  - ***C. Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables***
  - D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)

- Which controls does the customer fully inherit from AWS in the AWS shared responsibility model?

  - A. Patch management controls
  - B. Awareness and training controls
  - ***C. Physical and environmental controls***
  - D. Configuration management controls

- Which AWS service, feature, or tool uses machine learning to continuously monitor cost and usage for unusual cloud spending?

  - A. Amazon Lookout for Metrics
  - B. AWS Budgets
  - C. Amazon CloudWatch
  - ***D. AWS Cost Anomaly Detection***

- A company deployed an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application ran as expected for 6 months in the past week, users have reported latency issues. A system administrator found that the CPU utilization was at 100% during business hours. The company wants a scalable solution to meet demand.   
Which AWS service or feature should the company use to handle the load for its application during periods of high demand?

  - ***A. Auto Scaling groups***
  - B. AWS Global Accelerator
  - C. Amazon Route 53
  - D. An Elastic IP address

- Which of the following are shared controls that apply to both AWS and the customer, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. Resource configuration management***
  - B. Network data integrity
  - ***C. Employee awareness and training***
  - D. Physical and environmental security
  - E. Replacement and disposal of disk drives

- What information is found on an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) credential report? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. The date and time when an IAM user's password was last used to sign in to the AWS Management Console.***
  - B. The type of multi-factor authentication (MFA) device assigned to an IAM user.
  - C. The User-Agent browser identifier for each IAM user currently logged in.
  - ***D. Whether multi-factor authentication (MFA) has been enabled for an IAM user.***
  - E. The number of incorrect login attempts by each IAM user in the previous 30 days.

- A bank needs to store recordings of calls made to its contact center for 6 years. The recordings must be accessible within 48 hours from the time they are requested.   
Which AWS service will provide a secure and cost-effective solution for retaining these files?

  - A. Amazon DynamoDB
  - ***B. Amazon S3 Glacier***
  - C. Amazon Connect
  - D. Amazon ElastiCache

- An ecommerce company wants to use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to add and remove EC2 instances based on CPU utilization.   
Which AWS service or feature can initiate an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling action to achieve this goal?

  - A. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
  - B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
  - C. AWS Systems Manager
  - ***D. Amazon CloudWatch alarm***

- A company wants to host a private version control system for its application code in the AWS Cloud.   
Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?

  - A. AWS CodePipeline
  - B. AWS CodeStar
  - ***C. AWS CodeCommit***
  - D. AWS CodeDeploy

- Which AWS service or tool can a company set up to send notifications that a custom spending threshold has been reached or exceeded?

  - ***A. AWS Budgets***
  - B. AWS Trusted Advisor
  - C. AWS CloudTrail
  - D. AWS Support

- A company owns per-core software licenses.   
Which Amazon EC2 instance purchasing option must the company use for this license type?

  - A. Reserved Instances
  - ***B. Dedicated Hosts***
  - C. Spot Instances
  - D. Dedicated Instances

- A company needs to set up user authentication for a new application. Users must be able to sign in directly with a user name and password, or through a third- party provider.   
Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

  - A. AWS Single Sign-On
  - B. AWS Signer
  - ***C. Amazon Cognito***
  - D. AWS Directory Service

- Which AWS services or tools are designed to protect a workload from SQL injections, cross-site scripting, and DDoS attacks? (Choose two.)

  - A. VPC endpoint
  - B. Virtual private gateway
  - ***C. AWS Shield Standard***
  - D. AWS Config
  - ***E. AWS WAF***

- A company wants to forecast future costs and usage of AWS resources based on past consumption.   
Which AWS service or tool will provide this forecast?

  - A. AWS Cost and Usage Report
  - B. Amazon Forecast
  - C. AWS Pricing Calculator
  - ***D. Cost Explorer***

- Which AWS services use cloud-native storage that provides replication across multiple Availability Zones by default? (Choose two.)

  - A. Amazon ElastiCache
  - B. Amazon RDS for Oracle
  - ***C. Amazon Neptune***
  - ***D. Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility)***
  - E. Amazon Redshift

- A company wants the ability to quickly upload its applications to the AWS Cloud without needing to provision underlying resources.   
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

  - A. AWS CloudFormation
  - ***B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk***
  - C. AWS CodeDeploy
  - D. AWS CodeCommit

- A company wants its employees to have access to virtual desktop infrastructure to securely access company-provided desktops through the employees' personal devices.   
Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

  - A. Amazon AppStream 2.0
  - B. AWS AppSync
  - C. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
  - ***D. Amazon WorkSpaces***

- A user has been granted permission to change their own IAM user password.   
Which AWS services can the user use to change the password? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)***
  - B. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
  - ***C. AWS Management Console***
  - D. AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM)
  - E. AWS Secrets Manager

- A company needs to generate reports for business intelligence and operational analytics on petabytes of semistructured and structured data. These reports are produced from standard SQL queries on data that is in an Amazon S3 data lake.   
Which AWS service provides the ability to analyze this data?

  - A. Amazon RDS
  - B. Amazon Neptune
  - C. Amazon DynamoDB
  - ***D. Amazon Redshift***

- A company has existing software licenses that it wants to bring to AWS, but the licensing model requires licensing physical cores.   
How can the company meet this requirement in the AWS Cloud?

  - A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
  - ***B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.***
  - C. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
  - D. Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.

- A company has a complex AWS architecture. The company needs assistance from a dedicated technical professional who can suggest strategies regarding incidents, trade-offs, support, and risk management.   
Which AWS Support plan will provide the required support?

  - A. AWS Business Support
  - ***B. AWS Enterprise Support***
  - C. AWS Developer Support
  - D. AWS Basic Support

- Which AWS services can use AWS WAF to protect against common web exploitations? (Choose two.)

  - A. Amazon Route 53
  - ***B. Amazon CloudFront***
  - C. AWS Transfer Family
  - D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
  - ***E. Amazon API Gateway***

- Which of the following are AWS compute services? (Choose two.)

  - ***A. Amazon Lightsail***
  - B. AWS Systems Manager
  - C. AWS CloudFormation
  - ***D. AWS Batch***
  - E. Amazon Inspector

- A company with AWS Enterprise Support needs help understanding its monthly AWS bill and wants to implement billing best practices.   
Which AWS tool or resource is available to accomplish these goals?

  - A. Resource tagging
  - ***B. AWS Concierge Support team***
  - C. AWS Abuse team
  - D. AWS Support

- A company wants to set up an entire development and continuous delivery toolchain for coding, building, testing, and deploying code.   
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

  - A. Amazon CodeGuru
  - ***B. AWS CodeStar***
  - C. AWS CodeCommit
  - D. AWS CodeDeploy

- Which service enables customers to audit API calls in their AWS accounts?

  - ***A. AWS CloudTrail***
  - B. AWS Trusted Advisor
  - C. Amazon Inspector
  - D. AWS X-Ray

- A company is moving its office and must establish an encrypted connection to AWS.   
Which AWS service will help meet this requirement?

  - ***A. AWS VPN***
  - B. Amazon Route 53
  - C. Amazon API Gateway
  - D. Amazon Connect

- A company is considering a migration from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The company's IT team needs to offload support of the workload.   
What should the IT team do to accomplish this goal?

  - ***A. Use AWS Managed Services to provision, run, and support the company infrastructure.***
  - B. Build hardware refreshes into the operational calendar to ensure availability.
  - C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2 instances.
  - D. Overprovision compute capacity for seasonal events and traffic spikes to prevent downtime.

- A company plans to launch an application that will run in multiple locations within the United States. The company needs to identify the two AWS Regions where the application can operate at the lowest price.   
Which AWS service or feature should the company use to determine the Regions that offer the lowest price?

  - A. Cost Explorer
  - B. AWS Budgets
  - C. AWS Trusted Advisor
  - ***D. AWS Pricing Calculator***

- A developer wants to deploy an application on a container-based service. The service must automatically provision and manage the backend instances. The service must provision only the necessary resources.   
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

  - A. Amazon EC2
  - B. Amazon Lightsail
  - ***C. Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)***
  - D. AWS Fargate

- A company wants to secure its consumer web application by using SSL/TLS to encrypt traffic.   
Which AWS service can the company use to meet this goal?

  - A. AWS WAF
  - B. AWS Shield
  - C. Amazon VPC
  - ***D. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)***

- A web application is hosted on AWS using an Elastic Load Balancer, multiple Amazon EC2 instances, and Amazon RDS.   
Which security measures fall under the responsibility of AWS? (Choose two.)

  - A. Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
  - ***B. Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing***
  - ***C. Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance***
  - D. Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load Balancer
  - E. Configuring a security group and a network access control list (NACL) for EC2 instances

- Which AWS service provides storage that can be mounted across multiple Amazon EC2 instances?

  - A. Amazon WorkSpaces
  - ***B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)***
  - C. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
  - D. AWS Snowball Edge

- A company has a set of databases that are stored on premises. The company wants to bring its existing Microsoft SQL Server licenses when the company moves the databases to run on Amazon EC2 instances.   
Which EC2 instance purchasing option should the company use to meet these requirements?

  - A. Dedicated Instances
  - B. Reserved Instances
  - ***C. Dedicated Hosts***
  - D. Spot Instances

